Correct README and DOCS for ens and provider (#273)
EthWorks/Waffle: docs/source/basic-testing.rst

.. note::
  Prior to Waffle :code:`2.3.0` wallets were obtained using :code:`getWallets(provider)`.

Setup ENS
---------

> To setup basic ENS use provider's function `setupENS()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To setup ENS for testing use provider's function `setupENS()`.
```

.. code-block:: ts

  import {MockProvider} from '@ethereum-waffle/provider';

  const provider = new MockProvider();
  const ens = provider.setupENS();

By default this method use last `wallet` from provider's wallets, but you can pass your own `wallet` as argument for `setupENS(wallet)`.

Also `setupENS()` method sets ENS address to provider's networks.

> Read `more about ENS functions here <https://ethereum-waffle.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ens.html#ens>`__.

Reviewer: There should be a way to do relative linking here.
